Improve error boundary docs (#1100)
solidjs/solid-docs: src/routes/reference/components/error-boundary.mdx

order: 5
---

> The `<ErrorBoundary>` component catches errors that occur during the rendering or updating of its children, and shows a fallback UI instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `<ErrorBoundary>` component catches errors that occur during rendering or updating the children of a component.
If an error is thrown, it can show a fallback UI instead.
```

Author: Again, the error doesn't necessarily come from a component. Errors thrown during the rendering of its direct children (JSX element instead of a separate component) are captured by the error boundary. Also `createAsync` integrates with error boundaries and the errors occurring in queries are also captured.

> That includes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This includes:
```

- Errors that occur while rendering JSX.
- Errors that occur within `createEffect`, `createMemo`, and other state management primitives.
- Errors that occur within `createResource` and other asynchronous state management or data-fetching primitives.

However, errors occurring outside the rendering process are **not** captured by error boundaries.
For instance:

- Errors that occur inside event handlers.
- Errors that occur after a `setTimeout`.

## Props

### `fallback`

**Type**: `JSX.Element | ((err: any, reset: () => void) => JSX.Element)`

> The content to display when an error occurs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`fallback` provides content to display when an error occurs.
```

> If `fallback` is a function, it receives two parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a function is passed, it receives two parameters:
```

- `err`: The caught error object.
- `reset`: A function that forces the `<ErrorBoundary>` to re-render its children and clear the error state.

> It's important to note that errors occurring within the fallback itself are not caught by the same `<ErrorBoundary>`, and will propagate to any parent error boundaries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there's an error within the `fallback` itself, however, it is not caught by the same `<ErrorBoundary>`. 
Instead, it will bubble up to any parent error boundaries.
```
